Updates the Install Minder Server documentation (#3880)
stacklok/minder: docs/docs/run_minder_server/config_provider.md

---
title: Configure a Provider
sidebar_position: 20
---

# Configuring a Provider
A provider connects Minder to your software supply chain — giving Minder information about your source code repositories, and their pull requests, dependencies, and artifacts.

The currently supported providers are:
- GitHub   

For GitHub, you configure a Provider by creating a GitHub App. 

## Prerequisites

- [GitHub](https://github.com) account

## Create a GitHub App

> This approach allows users fine-grained control over the permissions that Minder has in their repositories. It also 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach allows fine-grained control over the permissions that Minder has in users' repositories.  It also 
```

Users can accept or reject the permissions of a GitHub App, but they can't change or control them, except by selecting which organizations and repos the App has access to.  The permissions _are_ fine-grained, but the control is from the application author side (because it would be too hard for app authors to code for every combination of permissions).

Author: Thanks for clarifying that. This was a copy/paste of the old docs, but I wasn't sure of the correctness.

allows users to limit the repositories that Minder can access.

1. Navigate to [GitHub Developer Settings](https://github.com/settings/profile)
1. Select "Developer Settings" from the left hand menu
1. Select "GitHub Apps" from the left hand menu
1. Select "New GitHub App"

![Adding a new GitHub App](./images/new-github-app.png)

### Basic Information
Complete the following fields:
   - GitHub App Name: `My Minder App` (or any other name you like)
   - Homepage URL: `http://localhost:8080`

![Basic fields](./images/provider-basic.png)

### Identifying and authorizing users
Complete the following fields:
   - Callback URL: `http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/callback/github-app/app`

>    - Add an additional Callback URL: `http://localhost:8081/realms/stacklok/broker/github/endpoint`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add an additional Callback URL for Keycloak: `http://localhost:8081/realms/stacklok/broker/github/endpoint`
```
